hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to make calamari this is my favorite
favorite thing in this world so
different people use their own mix of
spices I'm just going to show you my
version of it hope you like it so let's
get started 450 grams of squeak cut into
rings half a cup of flour one and a half
teaspoon of salt 1 teaspoon of black
pepper powder 1 teaspoon of mixer
quarter of a teaspoon of garlic powder
sump oil for frying
put all your salt and spices in the
flour mixture
stir it well to mix everything up
sprinkle some salt and some pepper on
your sweet flavor all the layers now
this is done what you're going to do
next is we will put that in a ziplock
bag all the flowers so that it's easier
to handle otherwise it gets so messy so
get a ziplock bag put all your flour
mixture inside and then we will marinate
those places
seal it tightly and then just take it
easy isn't it so much less messy I'm
doing it tough first and then we will
transfer into another train when all the
sweet pieces are well coated transfer
them to a separate bowl and shake off
the excess flour it might get a little
messy do the same with the rest of the
marination heat oil in a pan
put the squeeze in hot oil do not
overcrowd it
we will fry them roughly two minutes two
minutes each side
it's very easy to make calamari at home
and you get more portion for the price
using the restaurants they give you
small portion you have to share it and
if you make them at home it's very
simple
send them around and of the site
some people fry them for just a couple
of minutes I like it two minutes on each
side but you do it once and then you
know how you would like them but you
don't have to keep them on the oil for
long because they get not a hard
Prince I've done now I get up for along
with three minutes and it looks like
they're crispy shake the excess oil and
then add them to a tissue line
and repeat the same with the rest of the
squeeze put them in a serving dish
serve them your favorite sauce and some
lemon wedges I hope you enjoy guys made
them it's very simple to do that's your
calamari
you